add revision link info to README (#31)
gitextensions/GitExtensions.GerritPlugin: README.md

This file must be located in root foilder of the repository.
Get more information about this file [here](https://docs.openstack.org/infra/git-review/installation.html#gitreview-file-format)

### Revision link

> Via GitExtensions [revision links](https://git-extensions-documentation.readthedocs.io/en/latest/settings.html#git-extensions-revision-links) you can configure how to convert parts of a revision data into clickable links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using [Git Extensions revision links](https://git-extensions-documentation.readthedocs.io/settings.html#git-extensions-revision-links) you can configure how to convert parts of a revision data into clickable links.
```

> Use the following pattern to link revision data to gerrit:
> 
> Search in `Message` with search pattern `(Change-Id: )#?I\w+` and nested pattern `I\w{2,}` to establish the link in your commit info as related link.

Reviewer: Maybe like this?

```suggestion
Use the following pattern to link revision data to Gerrit:
* Search in: `Message`.
* Search pattern: `(Change-Id: )#?I\w+`.
* Nested pattern: `I\w{2,}`.
```

Reviewer: A picture worth a thousand words, may be a good idea to add a screenshot.
